[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this video
we'll be looking at the first of many
sequels in the Friday the 13th franchise
Friday the 13th part two let's get to it
we open on a quiet neighborhood where we
see some feet walking toward a house we
cut to Alice our final girl from the
prior movie she seems to be recovering
well living on her own working on her
art suffering from debilitating anxiety
speaking of that she hears some noises
which turns out to be a neighborhood
tapi come to pay her a visit she goes to
grab him a snack from the fridge but
doesn't find anything appetizing and
ends up taking an ice pick to the temple
a conscientious Jason then removes the
kettle from the burner we then cut to a
small town outside Crystal Lake these
two young Bohemians run to a pay phone
to call their buddy Ted and get
directions there momentarily distracted
by crazy Ralph's delivering an important
message from God so you know he's a big
deal before they finish acquiring
instructions their truck is towed off
they follow the cold blooded driver
around the corner when they find this
was just an elaborately orchestrated
prank by this lanky [ __ ] on their way
to camp they're waylaid by a large
branch Zondra finds a sign indicating
their proximity to camp blood which
resides at the same Lake back at camp
the counselors are gathering and plenty
of tomfoolery is afoot he looks pretty
confident for a grown man wielding a
slingshot and during orientation which
includes the sage advice of staying
clean during menstruation Ginny rolls up
late pissing Paul Wright the hell off he
pauses the talk to go dress her downy
indicate they already have an
established relationship and then rejoin
the group that evening they gather
around the campfire for ghost stories
and roasted Mallos Paul's story gives
them all background about Jason which he
takes to be an urban legend and his
punctuated by another prank back at the
cabin they're engaged in a variety of
activities including grab-ass
electronics sports and arm wrestling
when Ralph creeps on ginny and Paul
later he finds himself strangled by
barbed wire before ever really getting a
chance to freak anyone out there are
tons of activities next-day physical
training eating chainsaw when everyone
goes to relax in the water a [ __ ] Jeff
and Sandra sneak off to check out Camp
Crystal Lake as they water the woods
they find a mangled mammalian vertebrate
of some type possibly Terry's dog muffin
and then they are confronted by the
police he has a heart-to-heart with Paul
about the importance of staying away
from the camp and heads off satisfied
that he has thoroughly asserted his
authoritative dominance he stops his car
when he sees a figure slip off into the
woods and he gives chase he bounds
through the high brush like a gazelle
before eventually requiring an extended
respite psych plenty of gas left in the
tank as he arrives at this shanty in the
woods he takes a look around and notes
the amenities
much but it affords a degree of solitude
he eventually discovers the mancave but
has only a moment to admire it before
taking a claw hammer to the back of the
head after dinner that evening most of
the counselors head off for one last
night on the town with only a few
stragglers remaining behind Terry
decides to go for an evening walk slash
skinny dip in the murky waters while
vulnerable scot charmingly absconds with
her clothes
forcing her to follow the trail toward
his lair however before he's able to
finish his master plan he's caught in a
trap while hanging out he gets a visitor
to keep him company and courteously help
him open his neck up meanwhile Terry
finds the smallest knife possible which
ultimately doesn't matter because he's
dead and soon so is Terry at the bar
Ginny applies some of her child
psychology expertise to the Jason
mythology to give it some concreteness
but the fellas aren't buying it while
back at camp everyone is pairing off and
preparing for evenings of sensuality
Vicky goes to her cabin and puts on her
sexiest sweater along with her special
satin Jones before going to brush her
teeth mark goes under the patio to look
for her as the storm sets in
unfortunately for him he gets machete to
the face and sent down the stairs before
she manages to return to him slightly
more lucky are Jeff and Sandra who
managed to reach climax but only
momentarily enjoyed the afterglow before
being double penetrated by an errant
spear back at the town tea barn things
are getting sad
so Jenny and Paul head back Vicky looks
for her friends at the cabin and gets a
double surprise before being
unceremoniously kitchen knifed making
for an unusually quiet and disordered
cabin upon Ginny and Paul's return the
only remnants of the counselors they
find her pools of blood and like always
given the prank heavy nature or some of
these [ __ ] this isn't enough to
fully raise the alarm the lights go out
and then they try to get the phone
working
and a cool reveal Ginny slowly realizes
that they're not alone in the room and
Jason emerges from the shadows to
scuffle with Paul
Jason pops up and Ginny runs off into a
bathroom with no lock apparently and
with Jason busts the window she finds
herself in a kitchen that has a lock of
course they go back and forth like this
and in an early moment of vulnerability
in the series Jason gets nerded heart
Ginny manages to temporarily avoid Jason
by hiding under her bed but when she
wets herself it alerts him to her
presence she comes out underneath a
Jason ready to strike
saved momentarily by the fact that Jason
is too thick for this chair Ginny finds
herself in Jason's shanty and using her
psychology expertise puts on Pam's
bitchin cable net in the hope of calming
his murderous blood rage it only works
temporarily but Paul arrives in
distracts Jason by smashing his face
repeatedly into his fists which gives
Ginny the opportunity to separate his
shoulder with a machete effectively
preventing him from killing anyone
Paul and Gini make it back to a cabin to
recoup and are given a surprise by
muffin and Jason we end up with another
final scene that leaves the ultimate
outcome somewhat vague and that's Friday
the 13th Part two the first appearance
of Jason I hope you enjoyed the video
and thanks for watching
[Applause]
[Music]